A mighty crack was heard around the world as Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the supercontinent, Pangaea, beginning continental drift.
Chuck Norris doesn't understand why you should consult your doctor if your erection lasts for more than 4 hours. His erections have been known to last for up to 15 days.
Chuck Norris once went to jail. The morning after his first night all the inmates, all the guards, and the warden had bleeding assholes.
Chuck Norris lucky number is one, becuase thats how many tries it takes him to accomplish any task.
Chuck Norris' penis is so large, that he in fact has to tie it around his left leg so that it doesn't get in the way of his round-house kick.
Chuck Norris once leaned against a tower in Pisa, Italy.
There are three ways to do things. The right way, the wrong way and the Chuck Norris way. The Chuck Norris way is just the wrong way but with more roundhouse kicks.
Before Chuck Norris, it used to take the Earth 365 days to revolve around the sun. Then in the fall of 1976, Chuck Norris performed a roundhouse kick so powerful, the shockwave caused the Earth to slow and since then it now takes the Earth 365 and 1/4 days to revolve around the sun. Chuck Norris is the reason we recognize leap years.
To keep is his mind sharp Chuck Norris plays Tic-Tac-Toe versus himself. He wins every time.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot isn't a storm. It's where Chuck Norris puts his victims.
Chuck Norris found Nemo.
Chuck Norris can travel through time by running at 88 miles per hour.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week. He then roundhouse kicked himself into next week, so he could roundhouse the man another week forward.
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone the size of a baseball. The stone is on display as a moon rock at NASA.
Chuck Norris stole your bike.
The shadow from Chuck Norris' mustache can accurately predict the length of winter to within 4 seconds. The groundhog has been rendered obsolete.
On the sixth day God created Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' heart beats once every week.
Chuck Norris was the first person to climb Mount Everest. Naked.
Chuck Norris can piss on the third rail and not get electrocuted.
Chuck Norris never showers... because he never breaks a sweat.
Chuck Norris circumcised himself. At birth. With his bare hands.
Chuck Norris went to a fortune teller once. She predicted pain.
Chuck Norris doesn't experience miracles, he makes them.
Once Chuck Norris made Jean Claude Van-Damme cry just by staring at him.
Chuck Norris eats tiger hearts every morning for strength, power, and wisdom. He eats men's hearts for sport.
The the Geneva Convention specifically forbids the use of Chuck Norris in an international conflict.
Chuck Norris CAN find a needle in a haystack, and then kill a man with the needle... or the haystack.
Chuck Norris is the only man to never use an eraser.
Chuck Norris' sperm can penetrate 13 condoms, the birth control pill, a brick wall, and the 1975 Pittsburgh Steelers offensive line in order to impregnate a woman.
God is Chuck Norris' prototype.
Chuck Norris embodies the only matter known to have escaped a black hole.
Chuck Norris' Blood Alcohol Level is continously 8.0, but he is always fine to drive.
The tide rises when Chuck Norris tells it to.
Stores will accept Monopoly money if Chuck Norris is paying.